
Welcome to the next generation of program verification and synthesis!
This powerful tool not only ensures correctness but elevates your programming to a new level of precision and reliability.
It’s more than just verification—it’s about creating provably correct software, faster and smarter.


Features:
1. Handling Holes in Code:
Using PBE principle, we were able to successfully develop hole-handling mechanism.
Our tool’s sophisticated hole-handling mechanism identifies these gaps within the Abstract Syntax Tree (AST)
and automatically synthesizes correct values. By analyzing preconditions, postconditions, and example inputs/outputs,
the solver fills in these holes with mathematically verified expressions.

2. Advanced assert Expression Handling:
The synthesizer now accepts and checks assertions inserted to code.
The verification process rigorously checks assertions, ensuring all conditions are met during execution,
detecting logical errors, and offering valuable insights for effective debugging.

3. Array Handling – Mastering Edge Cases
Arrays are fundamental yet fraught with complexity.
This tool brings a powerful array-handling feature that ensures operations on arrays are correct.
In addition, it prevents out-of-bounds errors by enforcing strict verification conditions.

4. Nested Array Handling
Our synthesizer can verify programs that supports 2-dimensional arrays. It ensures that all elements in the 2D array
are of the same type e.g. the array should hold arrays of same length.

5. Holes Handling Inside Loops
The synthesizer can detect and fill holes within a loop, including holes in condition and in the loop body.

Happy Synthesizing!


How to Run Tests:
The project_tests file includes 41 tests for all features.
To run all tests provided in project_tests file: run "pytest project_tests.py" in terminal.

test_1 - test_9 test Feature1.
test_10 - test_13 test Feature1+2.
test_14 - test_31 test Feature1+2+3.
test_32 - test_41 test Feature1+2+3+4.
Feature 5 is tested in tests 5 and 7.

